[EDU-4521] refactor: add tabs to Marketplace Integrations guides (#1172)
aziontech/docs: src/content/docs/en/pages/guides/marketplace/integrations/fauna-marketplace.mdx

To configure your integration, proceed as follows:

<Tabs client:visible>
    <Fragment slot="tab.console">Console</Fragment>
    <Fragment slot="tab.rtm">Real-Time Manager</Fragment>

<Fragment slot="panel.console">
1. On the upper-left corner, open the **Products menu** > select **Edge Applications** on the **BUILD** section.
2. On the listing page of your edge applications, select the one you want to use with the Fauna integration.
3. On the application page, open the **Main Settings** tab.
4. Enable the **Edge Functions** switch to activate this module on your edge application.
5. Click the **Save** button.

> You'll receive a successful message indicating you've updated your edge application.

Author: ```suggestion
You'll receive a success message indicating that your edge application has been updated.
```

</Fragment>

<Fragment slot="panel.rtm">
1. On the upper-left corner, open the **Products menu** > select **Edge Applications** on the **BUILD** section.
2. On the listing page of your edge applications, select the one you want to use with the Fauna integration.
3. On the application page, open the **Main Settings** tab.
4. Enable the **Edge Functions** switch to activate this module on your edge application.
5. Click the **Save** button.

> You'll receive a successful message indicating you've updated your edge application.

Author: ```suggestion
You'll receive a success message indicating that your edge application has been updated.
```

Still on the **Edge Application** page:

<Tabs client:visible>
    <Fragment slot="tab.console">Console</Fragment>
    <Fragment slot="tab.rtm">Real-Time Manager</Fragment>

<Fragment slot="panel.console">
1. Select the **Functions Instances** tab.
2. Click the **+ Function Instance** button.
3. Choose an easy to remember name for your function.
4. On the dropdown function menu, select the **Fauna** function.

This action will load the **Arguments** tab, where you can add the parameters to execute your application.

This function works without configuration on the **Args** tab. The JSON Args for this function are parametrizable through the request headers: `x-secret` (the key you got on Fauna dashboard) and `x-db-name` (name of the database you're going to create on Fauna).

5. When you're ready, click the **Save** button.

> You'll receive a successful message indicating your function was saved.

Author: ```suggestion
You'll receive a success message indicating that your edge application has been updated.
```

Still on the **Edge Application** page, follow these steps:

<Tabs client:visible>
    <Fragment slot="tab.console">Console</Fragment>
    <Fragment slot="tab.rtm">Real-Time Manager</Fragment>

<Fragment slot="panel.console">
1. Select the **Rules Engine** tab.
2. Click on **Default Rule**.
    - You can't change the *criteria* field for the **Default Rule** on **Rules Engine**.
3. On the *behavior* field, select **Run Function** from the dropdown menu and then select the Fauna function, according to the name you gave it in the instantiation step.
4. Click the **Save** button.

> You'll receive a successful message indicating you've updated your edge application.

Author: ```suggestion
You'll receive a success message indicating that your edge application has been updated.
```
